for question 1, i imported the "import sys" to work with the system specific parameters and function. next i also imported the datetime to do the time. the "for line in sys.stdin:" it sets up a loop that goes over each line of input received from the standard input. it will do this until theres no more inputs. for the "data = line.strip().split("/t")" for this line it takes each line of input then removes leading and trailing whitespaces using "strip" and splits it into a list of values using the tab characters ("/t") as the delimiter then gets stored in the "data". for the "If len(data) == 6:" this line checks if the data list have six elements. The "current_time = dateline......" retrieves the current time using "datetime.now()" method which returns a "datetime" object representing the current date and time. tehn i use the "strftime()" to format the current time with the format of "%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S" the resulting formatted time sting is stored in the "current time". The "date, time, store, item, cost, and payment" it unpacks the elements of the data list into separated variables: date time store... each element of the data list corresponds to a specific field in the input line. and for the final "print" it prints out the item, cost, and current time.
for question 2, i imported the date time and timedelta to do dates and time. The "dt + datetime.now()" it returns the currecnt date and time based on the systems clock. The "new_dt = dt + timedelta(days=1) it adds 1 day to the current date and time and is store in the new_dt. for the "print(after adding 1 day :", new_dt) prints the results with a message that shows what operations was done. it displays the updated date and time after adding 1 day. The new_dt = dt - timedelta(seconds=60) subtracts 60 seconds from the dt and is stored in the new_dt. "print ("after subtracting 60 seconds:", new_dt)" it prints the updated the date and time. then for the "new_dt = dt.replace(year=dt.year +2) i use the replace() of the datetime to create a new datetime object new_dt with the year increase by 2. lastly the "print(after adding 2 years:", new_dt) pints the updated date and time after adding the 2 years.
for question 3, i brought in the datetime and timeselta and added the "d = timedelta(days=100, hours=10, minutes=13) i have an object named d and i pass the values to the constructor using named arguments. finally it gets printed.
 and finally for the last question, we start off by bringing in the datetime. next we add the "def print_current_date(feet, inches): it takes two arguments feet and inches. then we create a variable datetime_object and assign it to the date and time. next we start printing starting with the current date and time then goes all the way down to (inches:", inches) the fianlly we print the "print_current_date(5,10) 
